yea
In this program you will find out what the work of an
press carried out by republic communication
and will also know firsthand what the transmission will be like.
television network and the BBC will be on because the
cinc culture have been around the scenes since 2006
we produce here
information that will interest journalists who will be covering and
disclosure of state event receives requests from people are interested
vehicles that want to do everything right
as there is also the opposite movement of seeking
erika and nose glasses fashion behavior celebrities who have an interest in
cover the event does not leave said that there is an environment will the room
press any kind of information that the one generated by it is made available
in this press room
accessible to anyone who wants information and any other
information to omt the person putting the house in front falls to us here and the
people respond to the journalist's request
We want it to be a single file of materials
of interviews all related missing one half
on account of this small
ricardo berna that we call winning the life reports of the son who
was handed over from a large newspaper
on September 23 what would be your headline
trade
already offering the task to the mining capital
no doubt this news is that this delay
is the fourth year that justice
will do the river transmission are dozens of employees
lack of structure the study of the island
in my people
transmits everything that happens in the event this year we will pass
therefore on the day of the event of the season
while on the day following the request on the closed channel, then try to contain the
anxiety
watch the rerun of the next day and who preferred to stay home that day
also will have opportunity to watch will have a protective screen of animals
of infected by the disease keep the space to see up close
and the people of the TV will make a game for the tv but the stores who already know that it is a
fight
I gave a lot say it straight
that same night it ended at dawn
also the spread of 2 77 for whom
that was just the interview of this one of the tenants gave up
and athletes each accompanied by potatoes to interested persons who
are running popularity interview for us